{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red100\green100\blue100;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c39216\c39216\c39216;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17660\viewh15840\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Subject: Board Meeting Follow-Up \'97 Minutes, Action Items & Board Reference Site
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b Attachments:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. Conflict of Interest Policy (PDF)\
2. Bylaws (PDF)\
3. Board Meeting Minutes \'97 March 6, 2026 (PDF)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Dear Ken, Barb, Neil, and Simon,\
\
Thank you all for the great first full board meeting. It was wonderful to have the full five-member board together.\
\
Below are the follow-up items from the meeting, access to the board reference materials, and a note on insurance coverage that we didn\'92t get to discuss during the call.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs28 BOARD SITE ACCESS
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
Your board portal is at:\

\f0\b https://www.disagreewisely.org/board/
\f1\b0 \
\
Password: 
\f0\b tbXajTlQarKLMkf0
\f1\b0 \
\
You\'92ll also need this password to open PDF documents linked from the site.\
\
The site has two sections:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'95 
\f0\b Onboarding Guide
\f1\b0  \'97 A focused overview of the topics from the meeting\
\'95 
\f0\b Board Reference
\f1\b0  \'97 Comprehensive reference with full governance policies, financial details, insurance coverage, organizational history, and document downloads\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The reference site will be updated periodically as the organization evolves. It currently contains all essential information. (There\'92s a small toggle button in the top-right corner if you prefer light mode.)\
\
\

\f0\b\fs28 ACTION ITEMS \'97 PLEASE RESPOND
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\

\f0\b 1. Conflict of Interest Policy \'97 Annual Attestation (ALL DIRECTORS)
\f1\b0 \
\
Attached is the Conflict of Interest Policy. Please reply to this email confirming that you have read and understand the policy and will comply with its provisions.\
\
This is the annual attestation required by the policy and expected by the IRS for 501(c)(3) organizations. Your email reply serves as the attestation record.\
\
For the record, I (Nicholas DiBella) hereby attest that I have read and understand the Conflict of Interest Policy and will comply with its provisions.\
\
(The policy is also available on the board site under Governance
\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  Conflict of Interest, with a link to the full PDF.)\
\
\

\f0\b 2. Bylaws \'97 Confirmation of Receipt (KEN AND BARB)
\f1\b0 \
\
Attached are the Bylaws of Disagree Wisely, Inc. Please reply confirming receipt and your agreement to abide by them.\
\
Neil has already confirmed receipt. A summary of key provisions is in the Governance section of both sites.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs28 ACTION ITEMS \'97 PLEASE REVIEW
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 (no formal response needed)
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 3. Financial Authorization Resolution
\f1\b0 \
\
This resolution defines spending authority, approval thresholds, and quarterly oversight procedures \'97 including the board\'92s right to spot-check up to 3 transactions over $1,000 each quarter. It is the primary financial control document.\
\
Note: I will soon propose an updated version of this resolution that removes references to development costs, since DW will not be spending funds on software development going forward (after we complete the current HxA services agreement).\
\
Available on the board site under Reference Documents
\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  Board Resolutions (Financial Authorization), and summarized in the Financial Overview section. Please review at your convenience and raise any questions.\
\

\f0\b 4. Onboarding Guide and Board Reference
\f1\b0 \
\
Please browse both sites at your own pace. They cover everything from the meeting in more detail, plus additional topics we didn\'92t have time to discuss \'97 particularly insurance coverage (see below).\
\
\

\f0\b\fs28 INSURANCE COVERAGE \'97 NOT DISCUSSED AT THE MEETING
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
We mentioned our insurance coverage briefly in the past, but we didn\'92t get to cover it during the meeting. The details are important for you to know as directors:\
\

\f0\b Directors & Officers (D&O) Insurance
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'95 $1,000,000 aggregate limit (Carolina Casualty)\
\'95 Defense costs paid ON TOP of the $1M limit (they don\'92t erode coverage)\
\'95 $0 deductible for personal liability claims\
\'95 Covers wrongful acts in your capacity as a director\
\'95 Full prior acts coverage back to June 2024\
\'95 Annual premium: $820\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b Cyber/Tech E&O Insurance
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'95 $1,000,000 aggregate limit (CFC / Lloyd\'92s of London)\
\'95 Covers technology errors, data breaches, and cyber incidents\
\'95 Annual premium: $3,780\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Both policies are active through November 14, 2026. The Bylaws (Article IX) also provide comprehensive indemnification \'97 no personal monetary liability unless you engaged in self-dealing, willful misconduct, or recklessness.\
\
Full details \'97 including what\'92s covered, what\'92s excluded, and what to do if you receive a legal demand \'97 are in the Insurance Coverage section of both the onboarding guide and the board reference.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs28 MEETING MINUTES
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
Attached are the draft minutes from today\'92s meeting (PDF). Please review them at your convenience.\
\
The minutes are also viewable on the board reference site under Board Meeting Minutes 
\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  March 6, 2026.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs28 NEXT BOARD MEETING
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
Target: Q2 2026 (quarterly cadence). Between meetings, we handle matters by email as needed. Reply-all with your vote on any action items \'97 your email signature counts as signed consent under the Bylaws (\'a74.7, \'a78.4). Votes typically allow 5\'967 days; time-sensitive ones will be flagged.\
\
Simon and I will also be reaching out to each of you individually in the coming days for follow-up conversations.\
\
Thank you again for your time and engagement. We\'92re grateful to have such a strong board.\
\
Best,\
Nick\
\
P.S. Barb shared this during the meeting and it\'92s too good not to pass along in case anyone missed it \'97 Key & Peele on the perils of text-based communication: https://youtu.be/naleynXS7yo\
}