{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Arial;}}
\f0\fs24

Hi Ren,\par
\par
Ahead of our call on Tuesday (Jan 20 at 3pm CT / 4pm ET), we wanted to share where our thinking has landed, so you have time to consider it and consult colleagues at Foundation Group if helpful.\par
\par
\par
{\b WHERE WE'RE AT}\par
\par
We {\b do not} want to transfer our IP to Disagree Wisely at this time. Given that, we're planning a clean separation:\par
\par
{\b Disagree Wisely (nonprofit)} focuses on research, education, and program delivery:\par
\bullet  Research (standard academic work of the kind done at universities\'97published, open, not generating proprietary IP)\par
\bullet  Deployment and support (infrastructure costs, instructor onboarding, user/participant support)\par
\bullet  Educational outreach (conferences, workshops, and training on constructive disagreement generally\'97not "how to use Sway")\par
\bullet  A portion of our salaries corresponding to non-IP work (we estimate roughly 75% of our time goes to operations, support, research, outreach, grant administration)\par
\bullet  Support staff for these activities\par
\bullet  Receiving grants like the FIPC award (which funds research and deployment, not IP development)\par
\par
{\b Separate for-profit} (likely a Public Benefit Company) owns the IP and funds product development:\par
\bullet  New features, core engineering that increases the value of the IP\par
\bullet  Related contractor/developer payments\par
\bullet  Any commercial activities\par
\par
\par
{\b QUESTIONS FOR YOUR GUIDANCE}\par
\par
{\b 1. Application framing}\par
Given this separation, how would you recommend we describe the nonprofit's planned activities so they're clearly charitable/educational and don't trigger avoidable scrutiny about commercialization or private benefit?\par
\par
{\b 2. What the nonprofit can safely pay for}\par
We assume the nonprofit should {\i not} pay for "further development" of the app. But we'd like clarity on the safe zone. Where do you draw the line in practice for things like:\par
\bullet  Deployment/hosting costs for running programs\par
\bullet  Instructor onboarding/support and participant support\par
\bullet  Research costs (evaluation, analysis, publication)\par
\bullet  General educational programming that teaches constructive disagreement (not Sway-specific training)\par
\bullet  Conferences (broad academic/practitioner events)\par
\par
{\b 3. Salaries and time allocation}\par
We can track time so the nonprofit only pays for clearly non-IP work (research, program delivery, support, fundraising/admin). Is there a rule of thumb or documentation standard you'd recommend?\par
\par
{\b 4. Contractors and developers}\par
If a developer does a mix of (a) maintenance/support/deployment and (b) new feature work, should {\i all} of that be paid by the for-profit to avoid gray areas? Or is there a compliant way to handle "maintenance/support only" through the nonprofit?\par
\par
{\b 5. Disclosing the for-profit}\par
Do we need to mention our for-profit plans in the 501(c)(3) application, or can we simply submit an application for a research and education nonprofit without referencing the separate entity?\par
\par
{\b 6. Past spending before 501(c)(3) approval}\par
Since Disagree Wisely is currently incorporated but not yet a 501(c)(3), does that change how the IRS would view any prior spending that touched development? If the cleanest approach is to reimburse the nonprofit or reclassify certain costs before filing, we'd like to understand what you recommend.\par
\par
{\b 7. Minimum paperwork between entities}\par
If the nonprofit runs programs that use the app, do you recommend any minimal written agreements (e.g., a simple license for program use, cost-sharing policy) even if the nonprofit isn't paying for development?\par
\par
\par
We're trying to make this as simple and straightforward as possible\'97a standard research and education nonprofit, similar to what operates within universities. We're happy to accept constraints that keep the path to 501(c)(3) approval clean.\par
\par
Looking forward to Tuesday.\par
\par
Best,\par
Nick\par
}
